+++
title = "Giving History Context"
date = 2025-05-15

[taxonomies]
categories = ["History"]
tags = ["crt", "western-culture", "marxism"]
+++
Why is the West so fond of self-flagellation?
<!-- more -->

It is no secret that a majority of the Western World seems to think itself a major perpetrator in an international crime dating back hundreds of years, but why is this the case? Could the civilization that created the renaissance and the enlightenment really be the many villain in all of the world’s woes? Many now believe that it was the Western world that created the barbaric evil that is slavery and that race and racism did not exist until it was “constructed” by evil plundering empires of the West. Are we really guilty of these past injustices? With all things, the truth has been stretched, accounts about empire have been exaggerated or bold face lies, and the reputations of many great and courageous individuals have been smothered in the name of “fixing past injustices”.

So what is causing this shift in perspective from idolizing our countries greatest heroes, those who have given life and limb to protect our freedoms, have stood in the face of terror and tradgedy, and fought against the greatest evils? I look to provide the context to understand how these shifts are happening over a series of posts, with this first one focusing on Critical Race Theory. I look to also dive into how early childhood education, the mainstream news, Hollywood, rewriting of history with false information, social media, and geopolitical funding of anti-western ideals all play a part.

Western Philosophy has without a doubt been the shining beacon of equal rights and fraternitas in a harsh and anarchic world. While there have been past injustices, the West has recitfied those and moved on while the rest of the world continues to implement policies of totalitarianism, control, slavery, and genocide. Most of the atrocities that people still believe today, are total falsehoods when placed against emprical evidence and data. It is important that we maintain the ideals of individualism in the western world or else the whole world will slide into another dark age.

## Critical Race Theory

It is the increased dominance of the Marxist idealogues at the highest level of our academic instituations, both secondary and more-so in post secondary. This has let the Critical Race Theory fanaticists infest our most prestigious academic institutions.

Critical Race Theory (CRT) was first adopted in institutions in the 70’s and popularized by far-left activitists. Critical Race Theory views everything through the lens of race for why things are the way they are. It attributes power structures not to wealth or lineage, but instead it is a component of a racist system that must be torn down. CRT openly admits that they do not use evidence or data to form and prove their theories, but instead it follows principles of constructivist thought, in which the evidence is based in “attitudes” and “lived experience” and to question this as truth can only show how racist you actually are. There is a famous line in George Orwell’s 1984 in which the party says that 2+2=5, and to not believe this is a crime. Today, univiersities are pushing this same ideaology that 2+2=5 and that this can be true based on social constructs, meaning that even proofs that are irrefutably true, can now be disproven because “someone says so”. CRT also is the only major academic field in which it brags about its activist dimension and that it looks to shape truth, where every other academic displine looks to better understand the the objective truth.

You will notice that most of the proponents of CRT are upper class white women form wealthy area of coastal cities that live in gated neighborhoods and have most likely not ever met a black person until much later in their very privileged lives. Robin DiAngelo is of this sort and capitalized on the death of George Floyd pushing her book Anti-Racist. While black people had to watch the horrific killing of George Floyd on TV, Robin DiAngelo wasted no time peddling her racists book of non-sense to a bunch of far left, upper class, gated community, weekend activists. “Educating yourself” on race was soon to enter the American lexicon from the far left as they mocked the far right for saying “Do your own research” on COVID. The irony of both ideologies pushing a bunch of grifter nonsense still hasn’t been reconciled years later.

The success of this has been so strong that when Jesse Smollet claimed that he had been lynched by a gang of Trump supporters at 3am in the south side of Chicago, that the media ate it up hook, line, and sinker. Kamala Harris, Nancy Pelosi, and Stephen Colbert took this highly unbelievable and comical story at face value without a second thought. It is disgusting that they believed that America could still be this racist and bold. It didn’t take too long before it was proved that America isn’t actually this racist, in fact it is so hard to find racists that Jesse Smollet had to import his White Supremacists from Nigeria.

Critical Race Theory has done a major disservice for the American education system, but fortunately more and more people are foregoing the brainwashing “higher education” institutions and opting out of college entirely. College still has its benefits for certain individuals who look to enter STEM, but for those needing to spend \\$100k in American financed loans to get a useless degree about being a victim, you ought to think twice. It is also unfortunate that institutions known worldwide like Harvard and Columbia have becoming the laughing stock of most of the nation. You can hardly bring up a conversation about Columbia without getting laughter discussing how a bunch of rich trust fund babies want to play activist on Daddy’s dime for $70k/year.

How we overcome this is by pushing on educational institutions from pre-k to post secondary to focus on why the West is the pinnacle of civilization. Embrace the heroes that have given their lives to free the slaves, to stop the totalitarians, the terrorists, and the genocidal maniacs of the world. Teach our children to be resilient in the face of adversity, not to crumple in on themselves like a dying start and play victim for the rest of their lives. Be proud of yourself, your community, and your country. Celebrate the good and learn from the bad. Seek to understand, not preach falsehoods because you memorized a couple talking points based on lies. Seek to improve yourself in spite of challenges that may face you. Touch grass and you will find that your neighbors that look different from you, or in a different social or economic situation all want the same thing, love their family and find happiness in a world that can seem unfair.