+++
title = "Hit Hard, Hit Fast, Be Final"
date = 2025-05-28

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Current Affairs"]
tags = ["israel", "palestine", "strategy", "geopolitics"]
+++


How Israel could rip off the bandaid, win the war (for the next decade), and wait a couple weeks until the world moves onto to the next <insert fake moral outrage here> movement.

<!-- more -->

## Context for the Argument

The end of WW1 was a trying time for Europe, after seeing several millions of her citizens killed, the Western powers were drained financially, emotionally, and spiritually. National identities and the character of then liberal powers were forever changed losing an entire generation of young men. The sacrifice required to push back the Germans was too much to bear but a price that had to be paid to save the West from a fascist empire. In the wake of the end of the war, the leaders from the great powers gathered in a train car to sign the Treaty of Versailles. This required that Germany claim responsibility for the outbreak of the war, pay back an insurmountable sum of money, and limit the size of its army, and completely get rid of it's air force and navy. in 1919, you would be in the majority to believe that Germany was a broken country never to return to its military prominence and certainly not within a couple decades. The leader of the French forces, Ferdinand Foch, was all to familiar with the character and power of the Prussian martial machine. While many were wondering if the Versailles treaty was too harsh, Foch saw it for what it was and proclaimed (as attributed to Churchill, the real quote is similar, but not as poetic), "This isn't a Peace. This is a 20 year armistice.".

## The Event

It wasn't but a day after the tragic attack on Israel on October 7th, 2023 that protests erupted around the world supporting the terrorists who murdered grandmas, babies, pregnant women, peaceful concert goers, Asians, Muslims, Christians, and most obviously Jews. From 5 months to 95 years old, no one was safe from the disgusting rabble of blood thirsty terrorists pouring across the border of the only democracy in the Middle East to callously slaughter as many Jews as possible. In their bloodlust, these terrorists from the Gaza strip filmed their slaughtering on GoPros and cell phones fresh from the bodies that had raped, murdered, and then burned. Jubilant terrorists called their families from their victims phones to brag about how many Jews that they have killed. A now famous call is a recording of a boy bragging about how he killed 10 Jews with his bare hands while his parents congratulate and cheer him on. This was some of the most disgusting, depraved, and profane behavior all as the "enlightened" leftists worldwide cheered on these so called "freedom fighters".

## Western Response

How exactly does a group of people in the West who have spent the last decade talking about Women's rights, LGBTQ rights, Anti-Racists, anti-religion, and pro-science cheer on a group of people who stand for the exact opposite of those values? There are three distinct groups within this leftist circle that are siding with the Hamas terrorists and two groups have a simple reason, the other groups is more complex. Group 1 supports Hamas, because they are Muslim and hate Jews, plain and simple. Group 2 falls into the identity politics narrative and see Israel as a white country (even though only 20% are of European descent) and view Gaze and Hamas as the "Brown" people, and thus, white people are bad, and brown people are good. Both of these two previous groups have their reasoning rooted in some form of racism or ethnic identity, and thus show that their viewpoint is incompatible with Western ideals. The third group sides with the first two groups and conduct mental gymnastics to validate the feelings of those groups, but realize that those supporting for ethnic or race reasons and nothing else is inherently a barbaric support system, and they need to come up with another reason to support Hamas, especially since the right and Trump are supporting Israel, and to them not even Hitler is worse than Trump. 

## Where is this coming from?

This is where Iran and Qatar have been pursuing a lot of initiatives to destabilize America and Israel in the Middle East. Why would they do this? Simple, Western ideals threaten their totalitarian regimes and they are afraid of the 19th Century European Republicanism happening to their countries, thus dethroning them from power. They have seen these revolutions happen under American and Israel support before and fear it happening to their country as well. The liberation of their people out from underneath the thumb of slavery and Sharia law means another country falls to totalitarianism and is either a democracy or comes under the purview of Israel (even though Israel has expressed not wanting to deal with Gaza from an administrative perspective). Ironically, they need American oil money in order to maintain their dominance over their people. So they have a strange relationship with America, but this can help be rectified through covert propaganda spending on campuses. 

It is not just China through their Confucius Institutes that look to manipulate young American's minds with propaganda, but Qatar has also engaged in this activity to the point if you take the Israel-Palestine conflict course at Harvard, they call Hamas "freedom fighters" and "revolutionaries". It is not just Harvard but other collegiate institutions like Columbia and UCLA that are falling under the sway of pay-for-propaganda schemes in higher learning. These students may learn to recite dates, wars, events, ethnic makeups, casualty numbers, and laws (but these are a fraction of a fraction of the Hamas supporters), but they are all based on false context or half-truths. Peaking around the corner of their arguments will reveal the reality they are hiding. These propaganda efforts which were led by Qasam Soleimani in Iran have been highly effective in convincing American leftists to toss out their most treasured principles (or at least the principles they claim they care about).

We have to ask ourselves, if a bunch of people in the Middle East who hate America can get a large portion of American's to throw out their principles for something they do not understand, why even placate to this community? They have shown their morals to be as strong as their flimsy, half-baked, brain-rot TikTok responses. Moving forward, Israel should care little what the international community of people whose only goal in life is to gain TikTok followers and pretend they care about causes. Israel needs to be swift, punch hard, and not make the mistake of WW! and allow roots for these terrorists to grow again.

## Hit Fast, Hit Hard, Be Final

The strategy for Israel should be to surprise Hamas, hit them so hard they can never stand back up, and to be so final that the roots of radical Islam in the Gaza strip is stomped out forever. Getting rid of *all* radical Islam will be impossible, but to make the Gaza strip feel the pain of their elected governments decision to the point they never want to pay the check that Hamas (or similar) writes again. If these radical Islamists truly value death over life, then help give it to them. Once, Gaze is pacified, the same actions should be taken in the West Bank and in Lebanon. It is unfortunate that some of the hostages may be caught in this, but Israel didn't kidnap them and bring them into Gaza, so an Israeli airstrike that would kill any hostage is a death at the hands of Hamas, not Israel.

First, Israel needs to cut off all infrastructure to Gaza including food, water, and electricity. Gaza is already complaining to the rest of the world that Israel has already done this, regardless. If Gaza wants to deny the fact that Israel is providing 3200 calories per person per day worth of food into Gaza, then actually don't provide it, damned if you do, damned if you don't. Make Gaza feel the ramifications of Iranian backed Hamas propaganda. If the citizens of Gaza want to complain, tell them to ask for food from the stockpiles that Hamas stole, granted they haven't sold it to Egypt, already. Or at least the leaders of Hamas can spare a couple billion dollars from their multi-billion dollar fortunes to buy food for Gaza. Go medieval and lay siege to Gaza. 

Second, continue to deploy and expand on the use of drone tech, AI,  and the amazing intel work of Mossad to hit anywhere and everywhere there is a peep about any Hamas members. Make the people of Gaza decide, "Is my life worth the life of a Hamas member who is keeping me starved and under Sharia law?". Push the burden of choice onto the people who voted Hamas into power. Make them feel they are fighting in losing battle because of the tech and intel brought to the battlefield, which is now all of Gaza. 

Third, stop announcing when and where you will attack. All that happens is the terrorists move into their tunnels and make the civilians stay above ground killing civilians regardless. Hamas never alerts Israeli citizens to their airstrikes, stop valuing the life of the people who want you eradicated from the earth over your own citizens. The citizens of Gaza have had their opportunity to accept ceasefire and peace treaty after ceasefire and peace treaty and have either broken it or used it as an opportunity for another surprise attack. At a certain point, citizens need to be held responsible for the action of their governments. 

Fourth, strike the strategic heart of munitions for Gaza. Let the world know, if you are funneling money or weapons to Hamas to attack Israel, you are complicit in the slaughter of October 7th. This also may be a good time to cripple Iran's nuclear ambitions, they will use nuclear weapons on you once they have the right opportunity. Better to stop them now than later. Continue to double down on assassinations and Stuxnet like attacks, but also know when it might be time to bring in the big guns. While the majority of the West would condemn and stand aside if you launch offensives into Lebanon, Trans-Jordan, Egypt, Gaza, and Iran, be confident that America will directly support your actions, and really, the American military is worth 20 times that of all of Europe's militaries combined. 

Lastly, don't be ashamed to call a spade a spade, you are 3% the land mass of the Middle East, but the world believes you are a worse worldwide problem than Russia, even though you have the lowest Civilian to Combatant kill ratio ever recorded, and the only reason civilians have been killed is because Hamas keeps them in areas they know they will die to feed the propaganda machine. The Middle-East hates you because you are Jews, plain and simple, and I am assuming the Israel wants to remain a Jewish State. As long as you exist, the Middle East will try to annihilate you, you are fighting for your lives, not to stabilize a small region your borders. The more resolve and finality you show, the more countries in the Middle East will puff out their chest, but in no way dare to stand against you.  

Don't worry about the optics, especially from leftists in the West, the last dead Hamas body won't even be cold yet before the left finds some other faux cause to pretend they care about. The longer Israel drags out the conflict, the more they will be hated. Make this a Carthaginian Peace. 

Hit Fast, Hit Hard, Be Final.